Add > SP Cloud > Integrations Doc > Looker (#143)
turbot/steampipe-docs: docs/cloud/integrations/looker.md

The [Connect](/docs/cloud/integrations/overview) tab for your workspace provides the details you need to connect Looker to Steampipe Cloud.

<div style={{"marginBottom":"2em","borderWidth":"thin", "borderStyle":"solid", "borderColor":"lightgray", "padding":"20px", "width":"90%"}}>
<img src="/images/docs/cloud/steampipe-cloud-connect-details.jpg" />
</div>

##  Connect to Steampipe CLI from Looker

You can also connect Looker to [Steampipe CLI](https://steampipe.io/downloads). To do that, run `steampipe service start --show-password` and use the displayed connection details.

```
Steampipe service is running:

Database:

  Host(s):            localhost, 127.0.0.1, 192.168.29.204
  Port:               9193
  Database:           steampipe
  User:               steampipe
  Password:           99**_****_**8c
  Connection string:  postgres://steampipe:99**_****_**8c@localhost:9193/steampipe
  ```

## Getting started

Looker is accessible through the GCP console. Here we will create a Steampipe Cloud connection from Looker.

> To create a new connection, click on `Database` then `Connections` from the admin page. Then click `Add Connection` and select `PostgreSQL 9.5+` from the `Dialect` dropdown list, enter the Steampipe Cloud connection details. Set the SSL Mode to on form advanced settings and click `Test` to `Verify` then click `Save`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a new connection, click on `Database` then `Connections` from the admin page. Then click `Add Connection`,  select `PostgreSQL 9.5+` from the `Dialect` dropdown list, and enter the Steampipe Cloud connection details. In `Additional Settings`, set the SSL Mode to `On`.  Click `Test` to `Verify`, then click `Save`.
```

Reviewer: I assume SSL Mode is under Additional Settings? Maybe expand to show that?

Author: I've updated the Image as well that shows the SSL slider.

<div style={{"marginTop":"1em", "marginBottom":"1em", "width":"90%"}}>
<img src="/images/docs/cloud/looker-connection-success.png" />
</div>

Once the database is connected, the schema and tables can be accessed through the Looker `SQL Runner`.

<div style={{"marginTop":"1em", "marginBottom":"1em", "width":"40%"}}>
<img src="/images/docs/cloud/looker-sql-runner.png" />
</div>

Here we use the GCP schema and query the `gcp_compute_region` table. Looker displays the table's schema and previews its data. You can export the data to JSON, XML, TXT, HTML, CSV or Markdown format.

<div style={{"marginTop":"1em", "marginBottom":"1em", "width":"90%"}}>
<img src="/images/docs/cloud/looker-region-data-preview.png" />
</div>

## Create a report dashboard to analyze resources

> We'll focus here on creating a dashboard to monitor and analyze GCP Storage resources. To begin, create a new project and select `Create a New Model`, then select the steampipe cloud database and schema from the `Allowed Connections` and save. The new model can be accessed through the `Explore` tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We'll focus here on creating a dashboard to monitor and analyze GCP Storage resources. To begin, create a new project and select `Create a New Model`, then select the Steampipe Cloud database and schema from the `Allowed Connections` and save. The new model can be accessed through the `Explore` tab.
```
